
City of Fort Wayne
ADA Transition Plan

Parks and Recreation Department Chapter

The Fort Wayne Parks and Recreation Department encompasses 86 parks and
over 2,805 acres of land in the Fort Wayne Metropolitan area.  Within these
parks are a variety of facilities and features that provide recreational
opportunities to our citizens.  The Parks and Recreation Department will
strive to ensure that all residents and visitors are able to access all
services, programs, facilities and activities that the department provides.
 The Department will promptly investigate any formal grievance filed
according to the grievance procedures established by the City of Fort
Wayne.

The Fort Wayne Parks and Recreation Department has prepared a Transition
Plan that outlines the necessary steps to be fully compliant with the
requirements of Title II of the Americans with Disability Act.  A self-
evaluation plan will be developed in 2013 for Parks and facilities within
them. These self evaluations will be completed at the following locations:
|- Bass Park             |- Historic Old Fort   |- Packard Park          |
|- Bloomingdale Park E&W |- Hurshtown Reservoir |- Psi Ote Park          |
|- Bob Arnold Northside  |- Indian Village Park |- Rea Park              |
|Park                    |- Japanese Garden     |- Reservoir Park        |
|- Boone Street Playlot  |- Jehl Park           |- Robert E. Meyers Park |
|- Botanical Conservatory|- Jennings Center     |- Rockhill Park         |
|- Bowser Park           |- John Street Park    |- Ronald Repka Park     |
|- Brackenridge Park     |- Johnny Appleseed    |- Roosevelt Park        |
|- Brewer Park           |Park                  |- Rudisill/Fairfield    |
|- Buckner Park          |- Kettler Park        |Park                    |
|- Camp Allen Park       |- Klug Park           |- Salomon Park          |
|- Casselwood Park       |- Kreager Park        |- Salon Plaza           |
|- Community Center      |- Lafayette Park      |- Seiling Park          |
|- Courthouse Green      |- Lakeside Park       |- Shoaff Park           |
|- Daryl B. Cobin        |- Lawton Park         |- Study Park            |
|Memorial                |- Lindenwood Nature   |- Summit Street Park    |
|- East Central Park     |Pres.                 |- Superior Property     |
|- East Side Playlot     |- Lions Park          |- Tillman Park          |
|- East Swinney          |- Little Turtle       |- Traders Point         |
|- Foster Park           |Memorial              |- Turpie Playlot        |
|- Foster Park West      |- Mason Drive LL      |- Vesey Park            |
|- Franke Park           |Complex               |- Waynedale Gardens     |
|- Freimann Square       |- McCormick Park      |- Waynedale Park        |
|- Gren Park             |- McCulloch Park      |- Weisser Park          |
|- Griswold Park         |- McMillen Park       |- Wells Street Park     |
|- Guldin Park           |- Memorial Park       |- West Central Park     |
|- Hamilton Park         |- Miner Playground    |- West Swinney Park     |
|- Hanna Homestead       |- Moody Park          |- Williams Park         |
|- Hanna’s Ford          |- Noll Park           |- Zeis Park             |
|- Headwaters Park       |- Nuckols Park        |                        |
|                        |- Old Fort Park       |                        |
|                        |- Orff Park           |                        |

The self-evaluations will initially focus on those areas that are open to
the general public.  This includes parking lots, walks, pathways, park
amenities, facilities, and those parts of buildings where the general
public has access.  A second phase of evaluations will occur in those areas
and buildings having infrequent or no public access.

It is the goal of the Fort Wayne Parks and Recreation Department to make
all facilities, amenities, programs and activities within the park system
fully accessible in a reasonable amount of time.  This will be largely
dependent on a number of economical factors and future changes to the ADA
Accessibility Guidelines (ADAAG) and Public Rights-of-Way Accessibility
Guidelines (PROWAG) or other unforeseen requirements that would necessitate
additional improvements to Park facilities.

The results of the self-evaluation will identify barriers at Park
facilities.  The degree of which these barriers limit accessibility and
their priority for corrective action will be subjectively categorized in
five (5) levels.  Using a grading scale A – F with A having all elements
complying with the ADA standards to F having four or more barriers
identified.  These levels will be used to grade the effectiveness of
prohibited access to facilities, areas, amenities and programs offered at
the Parks and Recreation Department.

The Fort Wayne Parks and Recreation Department has committed to provide
training for staff on the requirements of the ADA and make accommodations
for employees with disabilities.  The Transition Plan will be reviewed and
updated periodically to ensure the Department is fully compliant with ADAAG
and PROWAG standards.

The actual implementation of correcting any barriers will be established by
the administration.  The corrective action will be scheduled based on
prioritization established on several categories including the seriousness
of the barrier, number of barriers, location of barriers, complaints, new
regulations, new standards, and availability of funding.

The Fort Wayne Parks and Recreation Department has established a listing of
all amenities and facilities within each park.  This list is labeled as
Appendix A – Park Facilities.  In addition to this list, the Department has
also compiled aerial photographs of each park.  These photographs are
available alphabetically in Appendix B – Park Photographs.



















                                 Appendix A

                               Park Facilities










































                                 Appendix B

                              Park Photographs

